{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red31\green31\blue30;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c16078\c16078\c15686;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Ingredients:\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
6 or 7 ripe plum tomatoes (about 1 1/2 lbs)\cf0 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
2 cloves garlic, minced (about 2 teaspoons)\cf0 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1 Tbsp extra virgin olive oil\cf0 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar\cf0 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
6-8 fresh basil leaves,\'a0thinly sliced* or chopped\cf0 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1 teaspoon kosher salt, more or less to taste\cf0 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, more or less to taste\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1 baguette French bread or similar Italian bread\cf0 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1/4 cup (60 ml) olive oil\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 1.Blanch and peel the tomatoes:
\b0 \'a0Bring 2 quarts of water to a boil. As the water is heating make shallow cuts in a cross pattern at the tip ends of the tomatoes (this will make the tomatoes easier to peel).\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Once the water is boiling, remove the pot from the heat. Put the tomatoes in the hot\'a0water and blanch for 1 minute.\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 Remove with a slotted spoon and let sit until cool enough to handle. Then gently peel off the tomato skins. Cut out the stem base with a paring knife.\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 Cut the tomatoes into halves or quarters and squeeze out most of the juices and seeds.\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 2. Preheat oven
\b0 \'a0to 450\'b0F (230\'b0C) with a rack in the top slot of the oven.\cf0 \cb1 \

\b \cf2 \cb3 \
3. Chop tomatoes, toss them with garlic, olive oil, vinegar, basil, salt and pepper:
\b0 \'a0Finely chop the tomatoes and place them in a medium bowl. Mix in the minced garlic, 1 Tbsp extra virgin olive oil, and the balsamic vinegar.\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Stir in the thinly sliced basil and add salt and freshly ground black pepper, adding more to taste. 
\i Note, tomatoes love salt; you may need to add more than you expect.
\i0 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 4.Toast the baguette slices:
\b0 \'a0Use a bread knife to slice the baguette on the diagonal making half-inch thick slices. Brush one side of each slice with olive oil (a pastry brush helps here) and place olive oil-side down on a baking sheet or roasting pan.\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 The baguette slices will toast best in the top rack of your oven, so you may need to work in batches to toast them all.\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 When the oven has reached 450\'b0F (230\'b0C) place the slices in the oven on the top rack and toast for 5 to 6 minutes until lightly browned around the edges.\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 5.Serve toasted bread with tomato mixture:
\b0 \'a0Arrange the toasted bread on a platter, olive oil side facing up (the olive oil will help create a temporary barrier keeping the bread from getting soggy from the chopped tomatoes).\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Either serve the toasts plain with a bowl of the tomato bruschetta mixture on the side for people to top their own, or use a spoon to gently top each toasted bread slice with some of the tomato mixture. If you top each slice individually, do it right before serving.\cf0 \cb1 \
\
}